Implement `CoupledVarDirichletBC` (#21307)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/bcs/CoupledVarDirichletBC.md

# CoupledVarDirichletBC

!syntax description /BCs/CoupledVarDirichletBC

## Description

`CoupledVarDirichletBC` is a generalization of the `DirichletBC`. Instead of
coupling a single real value through the `value` parameter, a coupled variable
is provided for the `v` parameter.

> Parameter $scale_factor$ can be used to scale the boundary condition value with a Real value, a Function or a Variable. By default, it is $1.$ (i.e. no scaling).
> Note that $scale_factor$ can be a field variable, so spatially dependent scaling is possible.
> This can be used to locally turn the BC on or off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameter [!param](/BCs/CoupledVarDirichletBC/scale_factor) can be used to scale the boundary condition value with a Real value or a Function. By default, it is $1.$ (i.e. no scaling).
Note that [!param](/BCs/CoupledVarDirichletBC/scale_factor) being a Function, it may be used to turn on or off the boundary condition on part of the domain at different points in time. 
```

## Example Input Syntax

> !listing test/tests/bcs/coupled_var_dirichlet/coupled_var_dirichlet.i start=[./right] end=[../] include-end=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!listing test/tests/bcs/coupled_var_dirichlet/coupled_var_dirichlet.i block=BCs
```
I like having the block shown, so users dont paste it in the wrong main block
